=pod

=head1 NAME

ftp2koha.pl

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    sudo koha-shell -c "perl ftp2koha.pl --config my_config.yml -v" kohadev

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This script will

=over 4

=item * connect to an FTP server

=item * download a file containing MARC records

=item * add a dummy item to each record

=item * import the records into Koha, the free software integrated library system

=item * optionally delete the downloaded file

=back

The script is designed to be run from cron at set intervals, like each night.

=head1 DOCUMENTATION

See C<perldoc ftp2koha.pl> for a full list of options etc. 

=head1 THINGS TO LOOK OUT FOR

Here are some gotchas that you might run into.

=head2 CANT'T CALL METHOD "fix_checksum"

This script relies heasvily on the Perl module Business::ISBN for ISBN manipulation. 
That module relies on some input data about ISBN publisher codes, which be out
of date.

See B<perldoc Business::ISBN::Data> for more details.

=head2 Symptom

Imports fail with an error message like this:

  Can't call method "fix_checksum" on an undefined value at 
  /usr/share/perl5/Business/ISBN13.pm line 63.

=head2 Solution

Download the XML file from L<https://www.isbn-international.org/range_file_generation>
and use it to replace the old file at F</usr/share/perl5/Business/ISBN/RangeMessage.xml>.

=head1 SPONSORS

Initial development of this script was funded by 

=over 4

=item * Hylte public library

=item * Halland Regional Library

=back

=head1 ABOUT KOHA

Koha is a fully featured, scalable library management system. Development is 
sponsored by libraries of varying types and sizes, volunteers, and support 
companies worldwide.

See L<http://koha-community.org/> for more information.

=head1 AUTHOR

Magnus Enger, magnus [at] libriotech.no

=head1 LICENSE

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

=cut
